.TH Aghermann 1 "2011-09-15" "0.4.2" "Aghermann"
.SH NAME
	Aghermann -- a sleep research experiment manager and Achermann et al (1993) model simulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
	aghermann [\fIexp_root_dir\fR]
.B
.PP

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBAghermann\fR is GTK+ program designed to run Process S simulations
on Slow-Wave Activity profiles from EEG recordings as outlined in
Achermann et al (1993).  In this capacity, \fBAghermann\fR produces a
set of sleep homeostat parameters which can be used to describe and
differentiate individual sleepers, such as short vs long sleepers,
early vs late, etc.

Also provided are general-purpose facilities for displaying EEG and
accompanying recordings, such as EOG and EMG, saved in EDF (European
Data Format) files.  These recordings can then be conveniently scored;
scores can be imported/exported in plain ASCII.

If run without arguments, your last session will be restored; an
experiment located in \fIexp_root_dir\fR will be selected otherwise.

.SH FILES
.TP
\fI~/.config/aghermann/sessionrc\fR, contains a list of paths to recent experiment trees.
.TP
\fI./.agherman.conf\fR and \fI./.expdesign.conf\fR, saved settings of the experiment located in
this tree.

.SH SEE ALSO
edfhed-gtk(1), edfhed(1).

The project's git repository is kept on sf.net and also on github.com;
more details on the Achermann model as well as on usage and project
background can be found at
\fIhttp://johnhommer.com/academic/code/aghermann\fR.  Locally, please refer
to \fI/usr/share/doc/aghermann/README\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
Aghermann is written by Andrei Zavada <johnhommer@gmail.com>. Parts of
the code (in src/libexstrom) have been borrowed from
http://exstrom.com.
